you are now watching a Lucky Penny shop
product feature
hey it's Lucky Penny shop and it's
volcano popping candy time there's 20
pouches in here and of course when you
saw when I well when I saw this in the
store I said wow that's colorful and
exciting looking look and it's just
blasting on his tongue
this creature whenever this thing is
it's a family product let's see let's
read the back here product name family
volcano strawberry flavored popping
candy alright this is what's in it
imported by family food it's a product
of PRC all right pages three plus and
then there's all the nutritional
information now isn't that cool looking
packaging I almost don't want to rip it
maybe if I just cut along the bottom fat
I can drop some of these out let's see
if I can squeeze this enough to buy just
the back hold on okay I think we're good
it's a heavy thick pouch there's 20
pouches see someone would counted how
many are there everybody and what I
realized that I didn't put them all off
sometimes things just stay in the bag
there we go 20 little volcano pouches I
like the way they are it's like you
could just break one open throw it in
your mouth and be done with it take a
little sugar packet yeah they should
have these like by the coffee would you
like a volcano popping candy with your
coffee today sir well thank you very
much is that the strawberry flavor
that's what they look like don't they a
little sugar packets both sides are the
same
very colorful all right here we go there
you go bring all my sugar to the bottom
and let me cut open my package
and let me dump it in a bowl so you can
see this packet here we go that's your
mouth alright here we go let's try let's
see how it pops move my mouth right to
the microphone here we are the pops good
pops good these are a pop rock challenge
I don't know I'm making my own pop rock
challenge I've taken three packs three
of my pop rock sugar packs I'll hold it
like this and here we go mm good
strawberry flavor let's see if I guys
off good popping action that's three in
the first two a little bit in there okay
so here's all my empties and I'm gonna
say if you're a pop rocks fan you like
these you get good pop good flavor
and cool-looking packaging and I think I
like the small bags I don't know why
they're just easy to eat you just you
don't have enough to worry about too
much and you can just have a little
taste of popping candy in your mouth in
the packaging look at that once I saw
that in the store I said look at that
that looks colorful well I first thought
it was like hot flavored pop rocks so
that's my was my first impression
volcano it looks like he's on fire and
he's just freaking out is that what you
saw that's what I saw that is the
volcano popping candy from family brands
man thanks for watching if you want to
see more unique candy video was looking
a description this will probably go into
our international cane
any series so that's where the video
will reside in that playlist so we'll
have a link in the description below and
as always thanks for watching later if
you're looking for the item you just saw
on the video click here watch more
videos by clicking here don't forget to
share on social media and give a thumbs
up hey LPS Dave what's up butch make
sure they don't forget to subscribe
oh yeah please click here to subscribe
to Lucky Penny shop and always remember
when you see a Lucky Penny
pick it up thanks for watching